Added Factorials to readme (#337)
TodePond/C: README.md

print(1+2 * 3)! //9
```

## Factorials

> C implements Factorials with exclamation marks behind the statement ending exclamation mark. These must be seperated by at least one space. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C implements Factorials with exclamation marks behind the terminating exclamation mark. These must be seperated by at least one space. 
```

```Java
const var nofac = 3!!!!!  // Just a very exiting declaration
const var fac-1 = 3 ! !   // 6
const var fac0 = 3!! !   // 6
const var fac1 = 3! !!   // 48
const var fac2 = 6! ! ! //2.601 218 944E1746

> const const fac3 = 4? ! !! //1 961 990 553 600

Reviewer 2: Why after the question mark? There is no need for this. I think if the line is terminated by a question mark the exclamation marks should go before it.

Reviewer: A question mark prints debug information. Here, it would print debug information about `4`,  but with your suggestion, it would print debug information about `4! !!`, which is totally different.

Reviewer 2: But doesn't the question mark need to be at the end of the line, to then print debug information for the whole line?

Reviewer: Hm. I tend to think it's more finegrained.

For example your comment could be rewritten as
> But doesn't the question mark need to be at the end of the line? To then print debug information for the whole line!
which would just output `maybe` for the debug.

But with your original comment, it could print `This deservers a deeper investigation about the objective.`

The debug specification isn't exactly clear about that. @TodePond?

Reviewer 3: Hi if you're unsure with how ? works just chuck a ? on the end of it
